https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4433139846&f_TPR=r604800&f_WT=3&geoId=90009496&keywords=junior%20data%20analyst&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=R

Graduate / Early Career Reporting Analyst
Gamma · London, England, United Kingdom (Hybrid)

Apply

Save
Save Graduate / Early Career Reporting Analyst  at Gamma
Show more options
Your profile is missing required qualifications


Show match details


BETA

Is this information helpful?



Get personalized tips to stand out to hirers
Find jobs where you’re a top applicant and tailor your resume with the help of AI.

Retry Premium for £0
About the job
Reporting Analyst (Graduate / Early Career)

London/Hybrid

A Bit About Us

At Gamma we provide voice, data, and mobile solutions to businesses across the UK, Germany, Spain, and the Benelux region.

Our people are at the heart of everything we do. When you join us, you’ll be part of a collaborative, forward-thinking team that’s transforming how businesses connect and communicate globally.

We’re growing fast, but we never lose sight of what matters: our people. Whether you're looking to develop your skills, take on new challenges, or make a meaningful impact, Gamma is the place to do it.

What is the role responsible for? 

The role is in our Insight and Reporting team. This is a vital and very complicated part of businesses moving into the 21st Century – as such our team is an integral part of Gamma. Our work is a mixture of day-to-day activities and project work. We aim to provide our sales and operations teams with the data to drive decision making at a macro and micro level, having a direct input into the way the business is run. We also find the answers to specific questions through robust insight.

What will you be doing day-to-day?

Executing the monthly reporting processes. 
Improving those reports through automation, adding to them to incorporate new products and services, investigating anomalies in their outputs and resolving them to deliver clear, impactful insights. 
Delivering data via visualisation using tools such as Power BI.
Build and manage the complex systems that drive our reporting.
Prepare, clean and pipeline data for use by people around the business. This is primarily done in SQL and a little Python (both of which would be taught on the job).
Interacting with senior leadership (including C-suite), the sales and operations teams and answering their questions.


What You’ll Bring

You don’t need experience in everything listed—but we’re especially keen to hear from people with some of the following skills:

Good communication skills and the ability to manage key stakeholder relationships.
Problem solving is a huge part of what we do. We are constantly introducing new products and improving our systems. We want people who will relish that kind of work.
Our success depends on the ability to build relationships with team colleagues and internal customers alike.
You will need to be able to demonstrate an interest in systems. You should already be proficient in Excel and whilst it is not essential, experience of databases and SQL is an advantage. Similarly, experience with Python and Power BI, whilst not essential, is an advantage, hence a keen interest in coding and understanding/manipulating complex systems is encouraged.
The role is a challenging one – we need you to have strong A levels or equivalent and a 2:1 (or predicted) from a top university, preferably in a STEM discipline.
Some work experience in analytical roles is desirable but by no means essential.
This is a hybrid role, so you must be able to travel to our central London offices (near to Liverpool Street) 3 days a week. 


What do we offer you?

25 days annual leave + birthday 
Subsidised private medical insurance 
5.1% matched pension contributions 
Enhanced parental leave 
Life assurance and Income protection 
Share save and incentive plans 
Electric Vehicle and Cycle scheme 
Employee discounts 
Volunteer day 


A few things to note

We require all candidates to be eligible to work in the UK and pass a basic DBS check.

If you don’t meet every requirement but feel you could thrive in this role, we would still encourage you to apply.

Gamma is an equal-opportunity employer committed to building diverse, inclusive teams where everyone feels valued and can be their authentic selves. We welcome applicants from all backgrounds, especially those underrepresented in our industry. As a family-friendly employer, we foster a culture of trust, autonomy, and flexibility to support your work-life balance and help you thrive at Gamma.

For recruitment agencies – we have a network of fantastic partners that support us in our hiring from time to time. We’re not looking to increase that network currently, so please don’t send speculative CVs

There's one on file but also available on request
