https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4427566901&f_TPR=r604800&f_WT=3&geoId=90009496&keywords=junior%20data%20analyst&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD&start=25

Analyst
Verdantix · London, England, United Kingdom (Hybrid)

Apply

Save
Save Analyst  at Verdantix
Show more options
Your profile matches some required qualifications


Show match details


BETA

Is this information helpful?



Get personalized tips to stand out to hirers
Find jobs where you’re a top applicant and tailor your resume with the help of AI.

Retry Premium for £0
About the job
The Role

This analyst role provides the successful candidate with an opportunity to undertake strategic research focused on decarbonization and the energy transition. To support our clients, our research explores how firms are adapting to a changing energy picture, driven by electrification, decarbonization and geopolitical risk, and using software and solutions to plan and prepare for, and operate in, the energy transition.

Excelling in the role requires an enthusiasm for understanding how technology can improve business outcomes, experience in producing high-quality written deliverables, and the ability to contribute to client-facing engagements. Successful candidates will have the ambition to undertake a wide range of qualitative and quantitative research in collaboration with other analysts.

Our analysts benefit from our structured ‘Analyst Training Framework’ which offers 24-months of tailored learning which will equip high performers to progress to more senior analyst positions at Verdantix.

Salary opportunity is £34K - £36K depending on experience level, plus a very competitive quarterly bonus scheme.

This is a hybrid role which requires 3 days a week in the office during probationary period, and will decrease to 2 days upon successful completion.

What You'll Be Doing

Conducting research and creating original reports and presentations on energy transition- and decarbonization-related software and services based on the established portfolio of Verdantix methodologies.
Supporting and co-ordinating other team member’s research
Assisting with internal consultants on advisory consultancy work on topics such as sustainability, energy, energy technology and energy systems
Responsible for managing and publishing the external decarbonization and energy transition-themed newsletter
Building quantitative models to size and forecast software and services markets.
Providing input to and managing outputs from large language models (LLMs) in support of digital products
Supporting client workshops and consulting projects whilst developing trusted relationships with Verdantix clients and senior industry decision makers.
Attending industry events to help raise the profile of Verdantix in the market.
Supporting marketing efforts by writing blogs and engaging in social media activities.

About You

Education in engineering, sustainability or other energy related degree. Master’s degree is highly desirable but not essential
Ideal candidates will have an interest in or exposure to commercial and/or industrial energy topics and decarbonization programmes
Interest in the future of the energy transition and AI development.
Strong analytical mindset with the ability to solve problems and come up with new ideas.
Experience within a data research or consulting organisation is highly desirable, but not essential
Proven ability to quickly produce high quality research for a business audience.
Quantitative skills and knowledge of Excel to manipulate large data sets and apply basic mathematical concepts.
Familiarity with MS office suite (including PowerPoint) to produce client ready analysis and presentations.
Exceptional interpersonal communication and team collaboration skills.
Curiosity and openness towards new genAI-related productivity and research tools

Additional Benefits We Offer

Competitive salary (with annual review)
Performance-driven quarterly bonus scheme
Pension with enhanced employer contribution
Generous holiday entitlement, accruing an extra day with every year worked (local capping applies)
Quarterly employee recognition scheme
Hybrid working option, with the aim of promoting flexibility and work-life balance
Private medical insurance, including online GP service, mental health support and discounted gym memberships
Enhanced family-friendly benefits
Weekly ‘flexi-hour’ to extend a lunch break or finish early on your day of choice
Cycle to work scheme - tax-efficient purchase of a bike, bike accessories, or both
Time off for volunteering when done through our partner OnHand: an app for local volunteering and climate action
Multiple social events throughout the year, including Company Ramble & Sports Day
Strong focus on learning and development with career plans for all employees
Dog-friendly office
Fantastic colleagues with a great sense of humour!
