https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4431507117&f_WT=3%2C1&geoId=101356765&keywords=junior%20data%20analyst&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=R

Finance Data Analyst
Red Bull Racing & Red Bull Technology · Milton Keynes, England, United Kingdom (On-site)

Apply

Save
Save Finance Data Analyst  at Red Bull Racing & Red Bull Technology
Show more options
Your profile matches some required qualifications


Show match details


BETA

Is this information helpful?



Get personalized tips to stand out to hirers
Find jobs where you’re a top applicant and tailor your resume with the help of AI.

Retry Premium for £0
Meet the hiring team
Jack Wilson
Jack Wilson  
 3rd
Talent Acquisition Business Partner
Job poster

Message
About the job
Purpose:

The Finance Analyst – F1 Chassis Inventory is responsible for supporting all financial planning, business partnering, control, and reporting activities related to inventory. Working closely with the Senior Finance Business Partner – F1 Chassis Inventory, this role focuses on the execution of transactional and reporting activities, ensuring accuracy, consistency, and timely delivery of inventory financial information. The role plays a key part in maintaining high-quality inventory data and reports that enable effective decision-making across Finance, Supply Chain, and Technical teams. It will also drive forward process improvement of the tools we use to carry out our work on Inventory.


Principal Accountabilities:

Financial Planning, Forecasting & Reporting

Support all internal inventory-related financial planning, control, and reporting activities.
Support external Inventory reporting from a statutory and FiA perspective.
Assist with the monthly inventory valuation and recognition process in line with FiA and statutory accounting standards.
Prepare recurring inventory reports, dashboards, and analysis for internal stakeholders.
Perform transactional finance activities related to inventory, including data validation, reconciliations, and journal support.


Cost Control & Decision Support

Perform transactional finance activities related to inventory, including data validation, reconciliations, and journal support.
Ensure non-financial stakeholders correctly interpret financial reports, analysis, and the FIA Financial Regulations.
Support the decision-making process during PO sign off, considering how Car Assembly demand effects child part demand. There will be a need to consider common parts, potential obsolescence and any cost economies of scale.


Data Interpretation & Governance

Ensure accuracy, consistency, and transparency of inventory financial data and reporting.
Work with the Cost Performance Business Partner to audit/confirm high standards of data integrity, monitoring inventory categorisation in line with financial regulations, car classifications, event allocation, purchase orders, and internal jobs.
Support the RBT Inventory Count process from a Finance perspective, including mid-year and Year End.
Support the RBT Statutory & FiA Inventory financial audit.


Cross-Functional Collaboration

Actively knowledge share with the RBPT and RBAT Finance teams on anything in your work that could impact those teams. This should be done in the monthly working group forum or an ad-hoc basis as topics arise.


Capability Building & Continuous Improvement

Drive forward transformation of the tools we use to analyse and report Inventory data.
Contribute to continuous improvement of inventory finance processes, controls, and reporting methodologies.


Essential Competencies:

Advance Microsoft Excel skills
Strong data science knowledge base
SQL/Python experience beneficial
Part-qualified in CIMA or ACCA is desirable
Experience in a Finance Analyst or similar role, preferably with exposure to Inventory or Supply Chain Finance.
Solid understanding of inventory accounting, valuation, and recognition principles.