https://uk.indeed.com/jobs?q=junior+data+analyst&l=Milton+Keynes%2C+Buckinghamshire&oq=juniot+data+analyst&ol=milton+keynes%2C+buckinghamshire&sort=date&ts=1777844849296&pts=1777673075303&from=searchOnHP&rq=1&rsIdx=0&newcount=0&fromage=last&vjk=10e2052ada04d9db

Data Analyst- job post
Billing Finance Ltd.
Northampton NN3 9EX•Hybrid work
£35,000 - £45,000 a year - Permanent, Full-time
Responded to 75% or more applications in the past 30 days, typically within 3 days.
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Pay

£35,000 - £45,000 a year
Job type

Permanent

Full-time
&nbsp;
Location
Estimated commute
Job address
Northampton NN3 9EX•Hybrid work
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description

Sick pay
Employee assistance programme
Free parking
Company pension
Paid volunteer time
Free flu jabs
Car scheme
&nbsp;
Full job description
About You.

Are you an experienced Data Analyst?
Are you a self-starter with an analytical mindset, focussed on getting teams what they need to get the work done?
Does the idea of joining a company who are undergoing a genuinely exciting period of change and growth appeal?
​About The Role.

We're looking for an experienced Data Analyst to join us. Working within our Data Analytics team, you will play a crucial role, providing actionable insights to guide strategic decisions and operational processes. You will work autonomously to interrogate data, write / fix codes, create dashboard as well as further progress automation and timely insights.

What You'll Do.

Leverage knowledge of data structures to prepare data for analysis, assembling information from disparate data sources for the creation of insights
Optimise processes to ensure metrics, reports and insights are delivered consistently to stakeholders with minimal manual intervention
Apply coding best practices and sound techniques to ensure efficient execution of code against large datasets, ensuring code is repeatable and scalable
Maintain and govern codes for analytical outputs using GitHub
Dive into anomalies in trends and collaborate with key stakeholders to pinpoint root causes to drive change
Communicate impact and importance of findings on the business and recommend appropriate course of action
Ensure data quality and governance practices are upheld, particularly in transformed data environments
Present findings and recommendations clearly and confidently to across the business
Apply coding best practices and sound techniques to ensure efficient execution of code against large datasets, ensuring code is repeatable and scalable
Contribute to and maintain clear documentation and metric definitions to support team knowledge-sharing and onboarding
Your Background and Experience

You're a self-starter with a strong understanding of databases and data governance principles. You'll have experience in the full data lifecycle of collecting, cleansing,​analysing, communicating and presenting actionable insights.

You're able to carry out data extraction, manipulation, and visualisation from large datasets​, can communicate complex data insights clearly to non-technical stakeholders​ and have strong problem-solving skills and excellent attention to detail.

Experience of using SQL, MS Excel / Google Sheets,​and Power BI ​/ ​Looker Studio.

When an issue arises, you get involved and use your initiative to prioritise your work effectively under pressure and you have the ability to take a step back and analyse/understand the issue to ensure the correct next step is taken.

About Billing Finance

We are a privately-run family owned vehicle financing Company based on the outskirts of Northampton. We focus on customers with non-standard credit profiles that may not fit the automated underwriting processes of other lenders. Our mission is to help get all our people, including customers and staff “where they need to be” by “putting them at the heart of everything we do”. We are entering an exciting phase of transformation and as a small company, this role will offer the successful candidate the opportunity to work across the whole customer journey cycle, and to directly see the impacts that they made.

Our values are:

We are responsible – We are conscious of our impact on people and planet
We care about you – We are kind and compassionate with our customers and with each other
We work with you – We support financial wellbeing for our customers and the wider community
The successful candidate will not only have a successful and fulfilling career with us but will also receive a fantastic range of benefits:

Discretionary bonus scheme
Electric Vehicle salary sacrifice scheme
Pension salary sacrifice scheme
Private Medical
Income Protection
Hybrid working
Employee Assistance Programme
Annual £200 personal growth fund
Paid volunteering days
Don’t meet every single requirement?

Studies have shown that women and ethnic minorities are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Billing Finance we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate.

​The Recruitment Process and How We Will Use Your Data

The recruitment process will involve obtaining information and/or exchanging it with the following organisations to assist with our pre-employment checks prior to interview.

Credit Reference Agencies – to complete a soft credit check to understand your financial history
CIFAS – to check both National and Internal databases for fraudulent activity. The personal information we have collected from you will be shared with Cifas who will use it to prevent fraud, other unlawful or dishonest conduct, malpractice, and other seriously improper conduct. If any of these are detected, you could be refused certain services or employment. Your personal information will also be used to verify your identity. Further details of how your information will be used by us and Cifas, and your data protection rights, can be found here https://www.cifas.org.uk/fpn.
To complete these checks, you will be asked to provide your address history for the past six years, along with your full name and date of birth.

The successful candidate will be required to undergo a Basic DBS check to comply with our FCA compliance framework. A satisfactory Basic Disclosure showing no unspent convictions is a prerequisite for this position.

We may also ask for proof of your right to work status or evidence of any qualification or experience prior to being offered employment. Further information on how we collect and use your data during the recruitment process can be found in our Privacy Policy here https://billingfinance.co.uk/privacy-policy/

Billing Finance is an equal opportunities employer, and we understand that for some candidates to perform their best they may need some reasonable adjustments. If we can make your application journey with us more suitable for you, please do let us know and we will endeavour to help.

Pay: £35,000.00-£45,000.00 per year

Benefits:

Company pension
Free flu jabs
Free parking
On-site parking
Paid volunteer time
Sick pay
Ability to commute/relocate:

Northampton NN3 9EX: reliably commute or plan to relocate before starting work (required)
Work authorisation:

United Kingdom (required)
Work Location: Hybrid remote in Northampton NN3 9EX