https://uk.indeed.com/jobs?q=junior+data+analyst&l=Euston+Station&fromage=3&radius=5&from=searchOnDesktopSerp&vjk=f0f8720437e5a49b

Junior Business Analyst (Whitespace Software - Specialty Insurance)- job post
Verisk
3.5
3.5 out of 5 stars
London
Full-time
Job details
Here’s how the job details align with your profile.
Job type

Full-time
&nbsp;
Location
London
&nbsp;
Benefits
Pulled from the full job description

Annual leave
Life insurance
Company pension
&nbsp;
Full job description
The Business Analyst I is an entry-level role within the Whitespace Product function, focused on developing core business analysis, product, and domain knowledge.

Working under the guidance of experienced analysts, the BAI supports the definition, documentation, and refinement of product requirements, and contributes to the delivery of high-quality product functionality. The role provides a foundation for progression to a fully independent Business Analyst.


Building and developing their understanding of the Platform functionality, with some specialist knowledge on certain areas of the product.
Providing knowledge and rationale of user stories during design and requirements gathering meetings with the ability to lead some internal workshops, with support from more experienced analysts.
Collaborate with users and stakeholders to gather, analyse and document business requirements, with high support from more experienced analysts.
Produce user stories and requirement documentation, with a clear understanding of business requirements and functional requirements, with high support from more experienced analysts.
Seek input from more experienced analysts to ensure all relevant user personas, iOS specific requirements, and integration/automation requirements are considered and documented.
Own assigned Jira items from initial assessment and, once prioritised, requirement gathering through to final delivery, following the defined pipeline, handover and sign off process.
Work closely with development and design teams to ensure adequate implementation of requirements.
Monitor and track progress of enhancements and issues assigned to you for current and in progress releases.
Respond to questions and eliminate vagaries during the development phase.
Undertake initial BA Testing of assigned enhancements from a business perspective to ensure that they deliver against business requirements as soon as an enhancement is deployed and ready to test internally
Present enhancement walkthroughs to internal groups when appropriate.
Communicate with their Lead Analyst to provide updates and seek guidance on issues or escalations.

Providing and delivering on estimates given to Lead Analyst / Programme Manager
Ensure assigned dates are met or escalated to Programme Management as soon as a date looks like it is not going to be achievable.

Some experience as a Business Analyst or a similar type of position.
Knowledge and/or some experience with London Market Insurance.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Basic experience in Agile and/or Waterfall methodologies.
Strong technical skills, particularly in JSON or proficiency in other coding languages, are desirable.
Very strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work effectively in a team-oriented environment.
Basic knowledge of or hands-on experience of effectively gathering, managing and documenting requirements.

Self-motivated and happy to work independently, with the ability to organise time/work effectively.

Our People, Our Culture

For more than 50 years, Verisk has helped property and casualty insurers make smarter decisions about risk through AI-powered risk modeling, advanced analytics, and technology solutions spanning the entire policy lifecycle. We are a leading strategic data, analytics, and technology partner to the global insurance industry, guided by core values of learning, caring, and results while maintaining the highest ethical standards as stewards of the industry's most comprehensive datasets. Learn more about Verisk and what we are doing within the insurance industry.

For the eighth consecutive year, Verisk is proudly recognized as a Great Place to Work® for outstanding workplace culture in the US, the fourth consecutive year in the UK, Spain, and India, and the second consecutive year in Poland. In addition, we’ve been recognized by The Wall Street Journal as one of the Best-Managed Companies and by Forbes as a World’s Best Employer, testaments to the value we place on workplace culture.

Our Culture : Explore our inclusive, people-first culture that fosters innovation, collaboration, and belonging.

Awards & Recognition : See why Verisk is consistently recognized as a Great Place to Work™ around the world.

Our Businesses : Learn about the diverse industries we serve — from insurance and energy to financial services and beyond.

Life at Verisk : Discover what it’s like to work at Verisk through employee stories, team highlights, and culture moments.

Careers at Verisk : Join a global team of problem-solvers and innovators doing meaningful work that’s shaping the future of industries. Whether you're just starting out or looking to take your career to the next level, Verisk offers growth, purpose, and a people-first culture

Let’s build something meaningful together!

Verisk Analytics is an equal opportunity employer.

All members of the Verisk Analytics family of companies are equal opportunity employers. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age or disability. Verisk’s minimum hiring age is 18 except in countries with a higher age limit subject to applicable law.

At Verisk, we provide a competitive compensation package aligned with market benchmarks and individual experience, disclosed transparently in accordance with applicable pay transparency regulations. In addition to base salary, eligible roles may include a range of incentive opportunities designed based on market research and our internal grading structure.

Our benefits portfolio varies by location; however, a typical package includes medical coverage, life insurance, pension plans, and paid time off in line with local labor laws.

We also foster a work environment focused on well-being and career development. Additional perks may include wellness initiatives, fitness programs, and team-building activities.

https://www.verisk.com/company/careers/

Unsolicited resumes sent to Verisk, including unsolicited resumes sent to a Verisk business mailing address, fax machine, or email address, or directly to Verisk employees, will be considered Verisk property. Verisk will NOT pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume.