https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4432424673&f_WT=3&geoId=90009496&keywords=junior%20data%20analyst&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=R


Miniclip
Share
Show more options
Junior Data Analyst 
London, England, United Kingdom · 4 days ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn


 Hybrid

 Full-time

Apply

Save
Save Junior Data Analyst  at Miniclip
Your profile matches some required qualifications

Show match details

BETA

Is this information helpful?



Get personalized tips to stand out to hirers
Find jobs where you’re a top applicant and tailor your resume with the help of AI.

Retry Premium for £0
About the job
We’re looking for a Product Analyst to join our Product Analytics team and help us better understand how players interact with our games. You’ll support product teams with data-driven insights while continuing to grow your analytical and product skills. This role is ideal for early-career candidates looking to develop their skills in Product Analytics within a gaming environment. The Product Analytics team plays a central role in shaping how our games evolve.

What will you be doing at Miniclip?

 Analysing player and product data to support product decisions. 
 Identifying opportunities to improve engagement and feature performance. 
 Supporting the design and analysis of experiments. 
 Working closely with product and game teams. 
 Creating clear reports and visualizations. 
 Contributing to a collaborative team environment. 
 Supporting broader data initiatives. 

 What are we looking for? 

 Strong interest in product, games and data-driven development. 
 Some experience using data to support decisions (academic or professional). 
 Ability to communicate insights in a clear and structured way. 
 Basic to intermediate SQL skills. 
 Exposure to data visualisation tools such as Looker. 
 Familiarity with Python or R is a plus. 
 Understanding of basic statistics and experimentation concepts. 
 Willingness to learn, grow and work in a collaborative environment. 

About Miniclip

Miniclip is a global leader in games and one of the world's biggest developers and publishers of mobile games, with a mission of unleashing the gamer in everyone. It distributes highly engaging games to a global audience of over 450 million monthly and 70 million daily active users across mobile, PC, console, social, and online platforms. Operating in 15 countries, Miniclip develops and launches games in multiple categories across its 22 studios.

Founded in 2001 with an internationally recognised brand name, Miniclip has successfully grown a global audience across 195 countries and six continents. It has a unique understanding of the games space, developing and distributing a strong portfolio of over 60 high-quality mobile games globally.

To date, Miniclip’s studios and companies have generated more than 10.5 billion downloads, including the following games 8 Ball Pool, Subway Surfers, Golf Battle, Football Strike, Carrom Pool, OSM - Online Soccer Manager™, Football Rivals , Pure Sniper , Puzzle Page™, Head Ball 2, Motorsport Manager, Darts of Fury, Ultimate Golf, Mini Football, Triple Match 3D™, Agar.io, PowerWash Simulator, Sudoku.com™, and We Are Warriors™.

https//miniclip.com/