https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4429259337&f_WT=3%2C1&geoId=101356765&keywords=junior%20data%20analyst&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=R

Controlling & Planning Analyst
Volkswagen Financial Services (UK) · Milton Keynes, England, United Kingdom (Hybrid)

Apply

Save
Save Controlling & Planning Analyst  at Volkswagen Financial Services (UK)
Show more options
Your profile matches several required qualifications

Show match details

BETA

Is this information helpful?



Get personalized tips to stand out to hirers
Find jobs where you’re a top applicant and tailor your resume with the help of AI.

Retry Premium for £0
About the job
SALARY: From £35,983 pa dependent on experience

LOCATION: Milton Keynes

HYBRID WORKING: Our current hybrid working policy requires a minimum of 60% of working time to be based in the Milton Keynes office however flexibility is expected to meet the needs of the business and the role.

HOURS / CONTRACT TYPE: Full time, permanent - Working 35 hours per week

CLOSING DATE: 30/06/2026 We reserve the right to close the advert earlier If we receive a high volume of applications.

Are you interested in understanding what makes our business really work?

Do you have a sharp eye for detail, a curious mind and are prepared to delve into our data to help steer our organisation?

If this sounds like something you might be interested in, then please read on.

We’re looking for a Controlling & Planning Analyst to play a key role in delivering accurate financial planning, forecasting and insight to support effective decision-making and the achievement of our financial and performance objectives.

This is a high‑impact, analytical role where your work will directly influence business outcomes. You’ll be instrumental in driving continuous improvement, enhancing efficiency, and delivering value‑add insights across the organisation.

What you’ll be doing:

Assist with regular reporting and insight in line with Controlling guidelines, helping us steer business decisions and achieve our goals.
Produce high‑quality internal data and insight, consistently meeting mandated deadlines.
Cost centre meetings with business stakeholders on variance analysis to highlight deviations between actual overhead costs and the budget.
Maintain a strong understanding of Controlling definitions across all reporting lines, ensuring alignment with Central Controlling standards.
Create, review and maintain procedural and process documentation to support consistent, transparent reporting governance.
Support KPI analysis and reporting, developing insight into performance impacts on the Profit and Loss.
Contribute to the build, development and ongoing maintenance of robust financial models supporting planning rounds and forecasting.
Own forecasting reports and inputs across areas of commercial performance, Profit and Loss and Balance Sheet, applying this insight throughout planning and forecasting cycles.

What you’ll bring:

You’ll be a curious and commercially minded analyst who enjoys working with data and turning complexity into meaningful insight.

You’ll have a strong delivery mindset with a passion for accuracy, continuous improvement and using analysis to influence decision‑making and performance.

Essential Experience & Skills

Strong data literacy working with large and varied data sets.
Experience in financial planning and forecasting through relevant roles, projects or professional training (desirable).
Proven reporting and analytical experience, with the ability to derive insight from multiple data sources.
Advanced Excel capability (e.g. IF formulas, INDEX functions, PivotTables), gained through formal training or practical use.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, particularly Excel, PowerPoint and Word.
Confidence in developing, interpreting and working with a variety of data sets.
Strong numerical reasoning with a high level of accuracy and attention to detail.
Excellent analytical and problem‑solving skills, with the ability to challenge and improve existing processes.