https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/search/?currentJobId=4427640361&f_TPR=r604800&f_WT=3&geoId=90009496&keywords=junior%20data%20analyst&origin=JOB_SEARCH_PAGE_JOB_FILTER&refresh=true&sortBy=DD

Data Analyst / Business Solution Consultant
Worldpay · London Area, United Kingdom (Hybrid)

Apply

Save
Save Data Analyst / Business Solution Consultant  at Worldpay
Show more options
Your profile is missing required qualifications


Show match details


BETA

Is this information helpful?



Get personalized tips to stand out to hirers
Find jobs where you’re a top applicant and tailor your resume with the help of AI.

Retry Premium for £0
About the job
Ready to take your career global?


Make your mark at one of the biggest names in payments. We’re looking for a Data Analyst/Business Solution Consultant join our data engineering team and help shape the future of global commerce.


What you’ll own 

You will translate insights through data-driven storytelling and into actionable items, across internal and external stakeholders to improve authorisation, authentication and routing approval rates.
You will conduct high-level review of data requirements, data analysis and data visualization to support internal stakeholders with performance monitoring and generate insights across issuers & schemes.


Data-Driven Insights & Storytelling

Translate complex data into compelling, actionable insights using clear data storytelling techniques across internal and external stakeholders
Conduct high-level data analysis and visualisation to monitor performance against benchmarks
Identify trends across issuers, schemes, platforms, and merchant configurations to drive issuer outreach strategies


Optimization & Performance Improvement

Drive improvements in authorisation, authentication, and routing efficiency through data-led recommendations
Convert analytical findings into practical, scalable solutions that deliver measurable uplifts (e.g. approval rates, revenue protection, cost reduction)
Identify recurring issues and ensure systemic resolution to improve long-term performance whilst partnering with Issuers


Intake, Prioritization & Delivery

Support the intake of new optimisation opportunities, including requirement gathering and prioritization
Allocate and coordinate work within the team to ensure efficient execution
Manage and track a pipeline of initiatives, documenting progress, recommendations, and outcomes


Stakeholder Collaboration & Issue Resolution

Work cross-functionally with Operations, Product, Technology, Data, Schemes, and Issuers to implement solutions
You will act as a bridge between data insights and commercial outcomes by acting as a central point of coordination to triage and escalate recurring or complex issues
Communicate insights and recommendations effectively to both technical and non-technical stakeholders


What You’ll Bring

Bachelor’s degree in business management or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience within Payments.
2+ years relevant experience with most of the requirements below
Broad knowledge of Worldpay products and related services; in-depth knowledge of products and services for which team(s) provide support.
Basic knowledge of data analysis and visualisation skills i.e. Excel, Power BI, Tableau, Snowflake, SQL and IT technologies, i.e., operating systems, network devices, software development and architecture.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels in the organization, e.g., executive, management, individual contributors.
Curiosity and excellent communication, problem-solving, time management and project management skills.
Ability to work both independently and in a team environment.
Deep understanding of the payments industry and authorisation pathways (e.g., gateways, platforms, acquirers, networks, issuers, etc.).
Experience with Authorisation investigation & resolution, strong analytical skills to understand investigation approaches of team & get involved in most complex matters
Some flexibility of hours is required.


Bonus if you have

Strong existing connections within the Worldpay business (e.g., Product, Commercial or Operational) & ability to drive new cross-business collaboration.
Knowledge and experience with differing platforms (e.g., WPG, VAP, NAP) and merchant profiles.


About The Team

Our inclusive and global teams win together every day. We’re proud to have the best minds in the industry, who you can learn from as you grow your career. The people, the energy, the connections
– it’s unmatched. Come and be part of an ever-evolving company and get dynamic opportunities that go beyond borders.


What makes a Globalpayer?

Globalpayers think like a client, act like an owner and win as one team. We’re curious and innovative – always finding better ways to deliver impact. We empower each other to make decisions, and it’s our passion that drives excellence in everything we set out to do.
Does this sound like you? Then you sound like a Globalpayer. Apply now to take your career global.

Job search faster with 